Update batch change docs (#21110)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/batch_changes/references/faq.md

### Can we close a batch change and still leave the changesets open?
Yes. There is a confirmation page that shows you all the actions that will occur on the various changesets in the batch change after you close it. Open changesets will be marked 'Kept open', which means that batch change won't alter them. See [closing a batch change](../how-tos/closing_or_deleting_a_batch_change.md#closing-a-batch-change).

### How scalable is Batch Changes? How many changesets can I create?
Batch Changes can create tens of thousands of changesets. This is something we run testing on internally.
Known limitations:

- Since diffs are created locally by running a docker container, performance depends on the capacity of your machine. See [How `src` executes a batch spec](../explanations/how_src_executes_a_batch_spec.md).
- Batch Changes creates changesets in parallel locally. You can set up the maximum number of parallel jobs with [`-j`](../../cli/references/batch/apply.md)
- Manipulating (commenting, notifying users, etc) changesets at that scale can be clumsy. This is a major area of work for future releases.

> ### How long does it take to create a batch change?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How long does it take to execute a batch spec?
```
